Edit Campaigns page and refine Vision/Mission (#628)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/campaigns.md

* Draft, keep track of and update a large number of pull requests
* Re-running code when the base branch changes

Users provide the code to make the change, we provide the plumbing to turn it into a large-scale change and monitor its progress.

> * We take care of all the bits and pieces that would rob users of their time and that are not essential to the change they want to make.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We take care of all the details that would rob users of their time and that are not essential to the change they want to make.
```
